Working Title (probably to be changed): Lights, Please.

In a world of swinging lamps and flickering flourescents, there are demons hiding in the dark.

Specifics:

A terrified character running through a world while trying his best to avoid the dark and 
determine three things: how to get the lights back on, what is chasing him through the dark,
and who caused all this chaos in the first place.

There is something hiding, chasing him, hiding just outside the light. Whenever he leaves the
lit areas, he is attacked, screams, and is killed.
(Cut scene with flickering lights showing his dead body?)

Whenever he runs into the light for a minute, there's a short time during which he can return 
to the light. When he does, he drags a sillouette of a gruesome somthing back in with him. 
Additionally, whenever the character stands at the edge of the light, gruesome things can be seen 
trying to grab him. Perhaps different things at different times, perhaps not.

In the end, the character finds out that it's a future him who has been transformed and mutilated
and has been through huge suffering. He has decided that it would have been better to die before 
the inevitable suffering, and has thus been trying to kill his younger self early on.

When the lights are on, the character can only see in the lit areas. but when lights go out, the
character can gradually see more and more in the dark as his eyes become adjusted to the dim area.
During these times, when the chasing entity shows up it should be terrifyingly large and attack
quickly, becoming braver as time goes on.

Similarly, when our hero steps into the light after adjusting to the dark, everything should become
flushed out for a brief period, becoming clearer again over time.

Additionally, when in the dark, areas should become clear only in the area where the character is
currently looking. This would suggest a control scheme of mouse for head movement, WASD-Space for
character movement.


Technical Ideas:

When rendering the screen, perform operations in this order:
1) Update light sources (move the swinging lamps one step, flicker the lights by however much, etc.)
2) Calculate the outlines (e.g. tris, quads) of the sections where these sources provide light.
3) Render the background in sections. For each section:
    a) Determine whether its rect intersects with any of the light sources.
    b) If it does, render the parts within the light in full color, then fade to black at the edges.
    c) If it does not, render fully black.
